feat: migration("re-indexing"), backfilling and diasgnostics tooling for the `ChainIndexer` (#12450)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: This should be expanded to give a point-in-time snapshot of where things are at (e.g., "hey, there is this new thing.  With it you can do X.  You can learn more about it [here](link to index-overview-for-rpc-providers.md).  There are now some removed config flags.  You can learn more about those here.")

# Lotus changelog

# UNRELEASED

>  - We're shipping a new Indexer implementation in Lotus (`ChainIndexer`) to index Filecoin chain state such as tipsets, messages, events and ETH transactions for reliable and faster RPC responses. The `ChainIndexer` replaces the existing `MsgIndex`, `EthTxIndex` and `EventIndex` implementations in Lotus which suffer from a multitude of known problems documented [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12293). If you are an RPC provider/node operator who serves RPC requests, please refer to the [ChainIndexer documentation for RPC providers](TODO: URL) on the Lotus docs website for information on how to enable, configure and use the new Indexer.

Author: @BigLep @rjan90 Any comments ?

Author: Keeping this comment unresolved till we have a URL for the Lotus docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 (`ChainIndexer`) to index Filecoin chain state such as tipsets, messages, events and ETH transactions for accurate and faster RPC responses. The `ChainIndexer` replaces the existing `MsgIndex`, `EthTxIndex` and `EventIndex` implementations in Lotus which[ suffer from a multitude of known problems](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12293).  If you are an RPC provider/node operator , please refer to the [ChainIndexer documentation for RPC providers](TODO: URL) for information on how to enable, configure and use the new Indexer.
```

Since this is in the changelog, it's understood that it has shipped.  
Made it more concise.
I went with accurate over reliable to emphasize that a big win here is correctness.  We're also moving to being correct - no gaps/missing data.  That is why I'm saying "accurate" instead of "more accurate". Being correct is tablestakes.  I don't want to leave the impression that there are still correctness issues.

# Lotus changelog

# UNRELEASED

>  (`ChainIndexer`) to index Filecoin chain state such as tipsets, messages, events and ETH transactions for accurate and faster RPC responses. The `ChainIndexer` replaces the existing `MsgIndex`, `EthTxIndex` and `EventIndex` implementations in Lotus, which [suffer from a multitude of known problems](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12293).  If you are an RPC provider/node operator, please refer to the [ChainIndexer documentation for RPC providers](TODO: URL) for information on how to enable, configure and use the new Indexer.

Reviewer 2: I just learnt we are introducing a HUGE breaking change here where the database migration is is mandatory. it should be called out LOUDER with ⚠️ ⚠️  here + in the release note!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 (`ChainIndexer`) to index Filecoin chain state such as tipsets, messages, events and ETH transactions for accurate and faster RPC responses. The `ChainIndexer` replaces the existing `MsgIndex`, `EthTxHashLookup` and `EventIndex` implementations in Lotus, which [suffer from a multitude of known problems](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12293).  If you are an RPC provider/node operator, please refer to the [ChainIndexer documentation for RPC providers](TODO: URL) for information on how to enable, configure and use the new Indexer.  While there is no migration and one can upgrade and downgrade without backups, there are manual steps that need to be taken to backfill data for the new Indexer.
```

Given discussion below do we still consider this a HUGE breaking change since there is no migration per-se (but rather backfilling).  I have taken a stab at some extra language.

Reviewer: Handled in https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12600
